# About Pony Mail and its Contributors

### Background
Pony Mail began as a response to two things; the lack of diversity in
mailing list archives that are less bureaucratic all-or-nothing and more
fluid way to interact with mailing lists than what is typically offered,
and the lack of a performant system that solves this issue. Modern users
of software want to jump right into a discussion they see, but cannot
normally do so in a mailing list driven environment because of the rules
generally surrounding said environment. Pony Mail, along with a select
handful of newer archive systems, provides an interface that allows
people to just hop into a thread, and take part. Without the need to
subscribe, download the mbox archive, load it into your MTA, and
respond.

_As Rich writes in a very short essay:_

<q>You see a thread in which someone is WRONG ON THE INTERNET! You need to
correct them. How do you do this today? You kinda don't. If you really
wanted, you could download mbox files (and who the hell knows where they
are?) and then try to get them into your mail client (which never works)
and then reply to it. Which will break threading, because you did
something wrong. Then you tear out your hair. PONY MAIL TO THE RESCUE!!!
(sound of hoof beats)</q>

### Rationale

One of the oft-heard complaints about Apache's development model is that
mailing lists are an old person's tool, and web-based communication -
forums - are the way to go in the 21st Century. Providing a
full-featured forum-like interface to mailing lists is one goal,while
keeping all of the enormous benefits that mailing lists already provide.
Asecond goal is to provide the ability to "jump in" to a mailing list
conversation - even one that was a while back, without the convolutions
that a mailing list requires. That is, to join this conversation the old
way, one would have had to subscribe to the mailing list, download an
mbox, and import it into ones mail client, in order that I be able to
reply to this message with correct threading. With Pony Mail, one has to
do none of those things, but can simply reply using the Web UI. To us,
this is a HUGE benefit for building community. The requirement to jump
through hoops to join a mailing list conversation drives away a lot of
people (at least, anecdotally, it does) and if we can remove that
barrier I think we'll have an easier time of drawing a new generation
into our projects.


### Who are we?

We're a small bunch of people committed to making mailing list interaction as easy as possible.<br/>
 Currently, we consist of (in alphabetical order):<br/>
 <ul>
     <li>Andrew Bayer / abayer - mentor</li>
     <li>Daniel Gruno / humbedooh - committer</li>
     <li>Francesco Chicchiriccò / ilgrosso - committer</li>
     <li>Jim Jagielski / jimjag - committer</li>
     <li>John D. Ament / johndament - mentor</li>
     <li>Rich Bowen / rbowen - committer</li>
     <li>Sam Ruby / rubys - committer</li>
     <li>Sean B Palmer / sbp - committer</li>
     <li>Shane Curcu / curcuru - committer</li>
     <li>Tony Stevenson / pctony - committer</li>
     <li>Ulises Cerviño Beresi / ucb - committer</li>
 </ul>
